Ignore SSL auth when device has been soft deleted (#765)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_web: docs/device_authentication.md

Devices connect to NervesHub over TLS. NervesHub requests a certificate from the
device. After the TLS stack receives the certificate, it does some processing
and then passes it on to NervesHub code that does the following.  Note that

> nothing in the X.509 certificate from the device is trusted at the beginning and if the device has been soft deleted, all certificate validation is skiped and authentication halted. The device record will
> need to be restored (or completed deleted) to authenticate again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nothing in the X.509 certificate from the device is trusted at the beginning and if the device has been soft deleted, all certificate validation is skipped and authentication halted. The device record will
need to be restored (or completely deleted) to authenticate again.
```

Reviewer: :)
